---
title: "Techture Limited"
date: 2020-04-11
tags: [event management, marketing]
header:
  image: "/images/smartizenpark.jpg"
excerpt: "Event Management Intern at Techture Limited"
mathjax: "true"
---

During the summer of 2019, I worked in an event management role in Hong Kong, and was responsible for organizing and executing a 2-month long Smart City Showcase with the intent of raising awareness of the concept and importance of smart cities to the general public. Unfortunately, it was a summer of unrest in Hong Kong, with frequent protests happening right by our event venue. Naturally, this hugely impacted the success of our event - sponsors backed out and not many guests came. Determined to make the best of an undesirable situation, my team and I worked overtime to implement drastic changes. Over the next few weeks, we worked to increase our social media presence, negotiate new terms with sponsors, and invite other event organizers to share our venue in order to encourage guests outside of our target demographic to visit. Additionally, my boss entrusted me with handling all event site logistics so she could focus on other matters. I was incredibly flattered by the amount of trust my boss placed in me and I worked hard to repay her faith by engaging myself in all aspects of on-site logistics and planning, setting high standards, and holding myself accountable to these standards. It is very satisfying to say that I was able to persevere through the many difficulties I faced with little to no guidance. We ultimately achieved an average daily attendance of 150+ guests and this remains as one of my proudest accomplishment to date.
